README.md, before:

# Ballerina Gradle plugin

## Introduction

The Ballerina Gradle plugin is used to build Ballerina modules using Gradle. This plugin is used in the Ballerina platform to build the Ballerina Libraries. This plugin is needed when there is a Gradle project with a Ballerina submodule. The Ballerina submodule can be built using this plugin.

>**Note:** This plugin is not used to build generic Ballerina projects. To build generic Ballerina projects, use the Ballerina CLI.

## Prerequisites

* This plugin is published in the Ballerina platform GitHub packages repository. Therefore, the Ballerina platform GitHub packages repository should be added to the Gradle plugin management repositories. To access the Ballerina platform GitHub packages repository, a GitHub personal access token (PAT) should be provided. The PAT should be provided as an environment variable named `packagePAT`. The username of the GitHub account should be provided as an environment variable named `packageUser`.

## Usage

* Add the Ballerina Gradle plugin version in the `gradle.properties` file in your project.

  ```properties
  ballerinaGradlePluginVersion=1.0.0
  ```

* In your `settings.gradle` file, add the Ballerina Gradle Plugin under plugin management. Add the Ballerina platform GitHub packages repository under the repositories.

  ```groovy
  pluginManagement {
      plugins {
          id "io.ballerina.plugin" version "${ballerinaGradlePluginVersion}"
      }

      repositories {
          gradlePluginPortal() // To resolve the plugins from the Gradle plugin portal.
          maven { // To resolve the Ballerina plugin from the Ballerina platform GitHub packages repository.
              url = 'https://maven.pkg.github.com/ballerina-platform/*'
              credentials {
                  username System.getenv("packageUser")
                  password System.getenv("packagePAT")
              }
          }
      }
  }
  ```

* In your `build.gradle` file inside the `ballerina` submodule, apply the Ballerina Gradle plugin.

  ```groovy
  plugins {
      id "io.ballerina.plugin"
  }
  ```

* Provide the required inputs for the Ballerina plugin in the above `build.gradle` file.

  ```groovey
  ballerina {
    packageOrganization = "ballerina"
    module = "io"
    testCoverageParam = "--code-coverage --coverage-format=xml"
  }
  ```

Commit message:

Update build from docker image configurations

README.md, after:

# Ballerina Gradle plugin

## Introduction

The Ballerina Gradle plugin is used to build Ballerina modules using Gradle. This plugin is used in the Ballerina platform to build the Ballerina Libraries. This plugin is needed when there is a Gradle project with a Ballerina submodule. The Ballerina submodule can be built using this plugin.

>**Note:** This plugin is not recommended for building standalone Ballerina packages. It is recommended to use the Ballerina CLI directly in such scenarios.

## Prerequisites

* This plugin is published in the Ballerina platform GitHub packages repository. Therefore, the Ballerina platform GitHub packages repository should be added to the Gradle plugin management repositories. To access the Ballerina platform GitHub packages repository, a GitHub personal access token (PAT) should be provided. The PAT should be provided as an environment variable named `packagePAT`. The username of the GitHub account should be provided as an environment variable named `packageUser`.

## Usage

* Add the Ballerina Gradle plugin version in the `gradle.properties` file in your project.

  ```properties
  ballerinaGradlePluginVersion=1.0.0
  ```

* In your `settings.gradle` file, add the Ballerina Gradle Plugin under plugin management. Add the Ballerina platform GitHub packages repository under the repositories.

  ```groovy
  pluginManagement {
      plugins {
          id "io.ballerina.plugin" version "${ballerinaGradlePluginVersion}"
      }

      repositories {
          gradlePluginPortal() // To resolve the plugins from the Gradle plugin portal.
          maven { // To resolve the Ballerina plugin from the Ballerina platform GitHub packages repository.
              url = 'https://maven.pkg.github.com/ballerina-platform/*'
              credentials {
                  username System.getenv("packageUser")
                  password System.getenv("packagePAT")
              }
          }
      }
  }
  ```

* In your `build.gradle` file inside the `ballerina` submodule, apply the Ballerina Gradle plugin.

  ```groovy
  plugins {
      id "io.ballerina.plugin"
  }
  ```

* Provide the required inputs for the Ballerina plugin in the above `build.gradle` file.

  ```groovey
  ballerina {
    packageOrganization = "ballerina"
    module = "io"
    testCoverageParam = "--code-coverage --coverage-format=xml"
  }
  ```
